Name : Jiaping Wang

How to complie: 
	use "make mem.o" command to compile mem.c, and "make libusermem.so " command to compile the shared library.
	Note that not all tests are supported by makefile, grader might need to manually compile tests in order to run.
	Also, before linking test file to library, grader needs to run "export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:." command, otherwise tests cannot be run.

How the program works:
	In each header, it contains the next header, the previous header, its current status (either free or allocated), and the pointer to next free block. 
	With the help of next free block, we can iterate the free list instead of the whole list when allocating new memories.
	When allocating a new block, we will check whether the allocated block can be splited, in other words, have enough size for a header an a minium size block (8 byte).
	The local coalesce will check the previous and the next block, if previously we haven't called free with coalesce on, then we will call global coalesce.

Global varialbes:
	largest and second_largest: 
		Two variables that keep track of the largest free block and the second largest one, which will help to greatly improve the performance of malloc.

	last_block_size:
		Keep the size of the last block, in order to prevent every newly created block falling into the last one, since it's connected to the large chunk of 
		memory generated by our worst case estimation.

	remaining_size:
		Where the remaining memory size are stored, used to check whether the user is running out of memory.

	head_free:
		The head of the free list

	head:
		The head of all headers

	need_global_coalesce:
		A global flag checking whether we need to perform a global coalesce

	size_of_last_allocate:
	 	Store the size of the last allocated block, which will help to check the correct size of it when freeing it

Limitations:
	After coalescing, header size is included in block size. Note that this won't affect the size that the users are allowed to use.

Compile time macros: 
	When compling mem.c user can choose how they want to estimate the size we're actually requesting from memory. 
	By adding -Dworst -Daverage -Daligned flag in gcc command, the program can estimate the memory respectively.
	Note that this flag is required, program won't run without given this flag.
	Also note that in the given Makefile the default flag is provided as -Daligned.
